README.md, before:

[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop/alerts/) 
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop/context:javascript)  
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/mralexesistegia/ytdesktop/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/mralexesistegia/ytdesktop)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/l13q29nr44xc1xow/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/MrAlexEsisteGia/ytdesktop/branch/master)

Windows:           
----------------------          
Devs:            
```   
Make sure to have NodeJs installed         
Download and UnZip the repository      
Open "install.bat" to Install           
and "start.bat" to open YtDesktop            
```
Users:               
```
Go to releases and download "YtDesktop-win32-x64.zip"          
Unzip it, and open "YtDesktop.exe"                    
```           
Linux:          
------------            
Devs:            
```           
Make sure to have NodeJs installed           
Download and UnZip the repository          
Open "install.sh" to Install          
and "start.sh" to open YtDesktop            
```
Users:         
```
Coming soon             
```

Commit message:

im bacc
news
download shield.io

README.md, after:

News(?)
------------
Plot twist im not dead *yet* and this project isn't either
I took a break from coding but now YtDesktop is coming back

I Re-Designed the website and
I'm also working on the windows store release

If you want, share the project so i know that people want it
------------
Also shameless plug: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MrAlexEsisteGia)


[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop/alerts/) 
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop/context:javascript)  
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/mralexesistegia/ytdesktop/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/mralexesistegia/ytdesktop)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/l13q29nr44xc1xow/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/MrAlexEsisteGia/ytdesktop/branch/master)
![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/MrAlexEsisteGia/YtDesktop/total)

Windows:           
----------------------          
Devs:            
```   
Make sure to have NodeJs installed         
Download and UnZip the repository      
Open "install.bat" to Install           
and "start.bat" to open YtDesktop            
```
Users:               
```
Go to releases and download "YtDesktop-win32-x64.zip"          
Unzip it, and open "YtDesktop.exe"                    
```           
Linux:          
------------            
Devs:            
```           
Make sure to have NodeJs installed           
Download and UnZip the repository          
Open "install.sh" to Install          
and "start.sh" to open YtDesktop            
```
Users:         
```
Coming soon             
```
